>> The overarching theme in this module is how to find what you're looking for
in images.
In previous lessons, we've accomplished this task for
the most part using colors and gradients.
Now that you're familiar with some popular classifiers,
we're going to go deeper into our exploration of colors and
gradients to see how you can locate and classify objects in images.
>> Image classification is tricky.
And it becomes even trickier when you don't know exactly where in an image
your objects of interest will appear or
what size they'll be or even how many of them you might find.
Coming up, you'll focus on the task of detecting vehicles in
images taken from a camera mounted on the front of a car.
But the same principles apply to pedestrian detection, or traffic sign
detection, or identifying any object you might be looking for in an image.
>> In this lesson, you'll practice searching for objects in images.
And you'll explore what features are the most useful input for your classifier.
With those tools, you'll then work on tracking vehicles in a video stream.